Hi guys and welcome back.
In this video, I just wanted to tell you a little bit
about how to get help if you need it in this course.
If you have a question about something covered
in the videos, be that an explanation,
or some of the code in the videos,
or you've been typing along with the videos
and you've had a problem or something like that,
or if you have a question about a coding exercise
in the course, please ask those questions in the Course Q&A.
That's the best place for them,
so we can get back to you quickly.
However, if you're going somewhere more advanced,
you have a question about your own project,
or you wanted some feedback on your own code,
or you just wanna chat with other students,
ask them about their journey or help them
or get help from them and so on,
then go into the Slack Community.
The Slack Community is also the place
for if you are still stuck
after getting an answer in the Course Q&A
and you want something a bit more involved.
The Slack Community is there for that.
If you don't know where the Slack Community is,
I'm going to put a link in the resources section
of this lecture.
So let's go and have a look at that.
So when you're taking the course,
you're going to see a screen like this one.
You've got the video player here on the left,
and then you've got your course curriculum on the right.
If you hover over the video,
you'll see the controls up here.
And there's a few really important ones.
The first one is the playback rate.
So here you can adjust the speed of the video.
If you think I'm speaking too quickly or too slowly,
you can change this so that I'll go faster or slower,
just to help you understand things a bit better.
Similarly, you can go backwards and forwards in time,
and you can save a bookmark.
When you save a bookmark, it will appear
under your bookmarks tab just underneath.
Then you've got your audio controls, of course,
and you've got a transcript, which is a text version
of what I say in the video.
And you've got something very important,
which is the captions.
A caption is some text that appears describing what I say.
So I've got English captions for all the videos.
These are all hand made by a professional captioning team,
so if you want captions to further understand
what I'm saying or if you need the captions
for accessibility purposes, you can find them there.
That's a really good feature of this course.
Finally, you've got your settings,
where you can adjust the quality of the video.
Videos are capped at 720p, but if you go to Auto,
they can go up to 1080p, which is higher quality.
If you are looking at a programming video like these,
I cannot recommend going anything lower than 720p,
just because the text is gonna start to get a bit blurry.
So if your text is blurry,
just make sure that the 720p is selected.
And then it won't be blurry any more.
If you have any technical issues within a lecture
such as the video is not playing
or the audio sounds very weird,
then you can in the settings report a technical issue.
I make the videos and the course content,
but it is Udemy, a separate company,
that deals with maintaining the platform
and allowing you to watch the videos
and handles your purchases and all that stuff.
So I just make the content.
They handle the platform.
Now regarding the resources section of each lecture,
you've got it on the right under the lecture itself.
Here we are in the lecture called variables
and printing in Python.
And you can see that it has some resources attached to it,
so if you click on that, you'll see the resources there.
The lecture that you're currently on has some resources,
as well, such as the address to our Slack channel.
So you can click on that to go there.
You can always skip lectures ahead, or go back if you need,
by just clicking on the appropriate lecture.
Now let's talk about the Q&A.
The Q&A is a great feature of this course.
The first thing to do is to go over to the Q&A tab
by scrolling down, and then you can see
in the current lecture that you're in,
all the questions that other people have asked.
So for example, Vivek here had a question about strings,
and you can click on it to read what he asked
and maybe learn something from it,
or just help him out if you know the answer.
You can always add your answer there, as well.
If you want to ask a new question
because your question is not answered in here,
you can always click the button
and type here in question title.
For example, "Why is this not working?"
And then describe what you're trying to do,
where you're getting stuck, and give us your code.
Your code, you'll see you can always share with us.
If you can include any images to help us help you,
then that's always good, as well.
Finally, if you're pasting some code in here,
do select it all and press this icon.
This icon is for text formatting as code,
and it's gonna make the code much easier to read.
The think I recommend
before you create a new question is always to search.
Because often you'll be able to find the answer
to your question just by searching for it.
We answer a lot of questions, and sometimes some
of them are duplicated, which means
that you could have found the answer
to your question by searching first.
For example, you could find something about division here
and the search will find you questions
that have that in the title or in the content.
So going through those when you have a question
about a particular topic can be really helpful.
Together with our videos,
we've also got a short Python ebook
that can help you learn the content
of the first few sections.
An ebook is good, because it allows you more time
to read through and understand it.
And also, it provides different explanations
than the ones in the videos,
so if you want us to explain something in a different way,
then reading the ebook can be a great way to achieve that.
In addition, the ebook comes
with its own programming challenges
and programming questions that you can complete,
as well, if you want.
That's it for this video, though.
Thank you for joining me.
I hope this has been useful,
and I'll see you in the next one.